# Projects

### contact simon
* simon.woerpel@pm.me
* https://simonwoerpel.de
* https://github.com/simonwoerpel
* verified identities: https://keybase.io/simonwoerpel

## involved in:

[Spendengerichte (court donations)](https://correctiv.org/spendengerichte) Who
do judges and prosecutors promote? When investigations or criminal proceedings
are dropped in exchange for the payment of a fine, court employees choose
organizations to receive the money. In this database, you can search for
beneficiary organizations, sort by year and amount, or by state.

[FarmSubsidy.org](https://farmsubsidy.org/) The aim of farmsubsidy.org is to
obtain detailed data relating to payments and recipients of farm subsidies in
every EU member state and make this data available in a way that is useful to
European citizens.

[OpenSecurityData.eu](https://opensecuritydata.eu/) is a public platform aimed
at tracking and displaying how the European Union spends money on
security-related projects, including on topics related to policing, border
control, counter-terrorism and cybersecurity, as well as weapons and other
military equiptment. The platform is a tool for journalists, researchers, civil
society organizations and others to better understand the growing investments
of the European Union in security.

[FollowTheGrant](https://www.investigativejournalismforeu.net/projects/follow-the-grant/)
A data-driven investigation into conflicts of interest in research and medicine
in Europe. A cross-border team led by investigative health and science
journalist Hristio Boytchev and data journalists Simon Wörpel and Edgar Zanella
Alvarenga addresses the underreported issue of conflicts of interest in
research and medicine.

[Dokukratie](https://github.com/okfde/dokukratie/) - Scraper for German democracy documents

[Sneakerjagd](https://sneakerjagd.letsflip.de/) What happens to the millions of
shoes we sort out every year? We bugged old celebrity sneakers. A GPS
investigation into one of the biggest trash problems of our time.

[Grundwasser-Atlas](https://correctiv.org/aktuelles/kampf-um-wasser/2022/10/25/klimawandel-grundwasser-in-deutschland-sinkt/)
interactive map about ground water levels. For the first time, CORRECTIV
provides an overview of where groundwater has been falling, staying the same or
rising in Germany since 1990 with an interactive map. Industry and drinking
water extraction are primarily responsible for the extreme trends.

[CumExFiles](https://cumex-files.com/en/) – research database, security
infrastructure & presentation website for a collaborative cross-border
investigation with 38 journalists in 12 countries

[Grand Theft Europe](http://grandthefteurope.com) – making a big bunch of
confidential documents searchable and securely accessible for 63 journalists
from 30 countries to work collaboratively on this investigation, providing
security infrastructure and trainings.

[Wem gehört Hamburg](https://wem-gehoert-hamburg.de) – the kick off from
CORRECTIV's "Who owns your city" crowdsourced investigations
